Before I continue I just want to take a second and say how proud I am of you for having completed the
course up until this section.
Believe it or not almost 80 percent to 90 percent of applications built in react and Redux followed
the exact patterns that we've done up until this point.
There is of course more complexity and more optimizations you can bring in from other libraries or using
other patterns.
But the foundation of what we're learning is pretty much all there is to react and Redux The way that
we tackle features and we think about how to break them down and splay out the problems and then correspondingly
solve them in the existing react in a redux architecture that we are now so familiar with is pretty
much the majority of what it's like to build Web sites in react and redux.
And I'm so proud of you guys for coming up until this point.
Now I will say we will definitely continue to Van Ness our basics from this point forward but we're
going to start looking at other perspectives and other ways that we can possibly build upon what we
already learned and expand upon the concepts that we are only going to become more familiar with.
Now in this specific section we're actually going to look at something regarding of slight tweak to
our redux state so that it becomes more performance in what it is that we're about to attempt.
So what we want to build next is our category page and right now the category is going to pull in one
of the collection objects in order to display the items inside.
So in our final application we can see this when we look at our hearts page.
We see that we've pulled in the hats category and we've displayed the items inside.
So let's actually build this into our existing application and what we'll need to do is actually render
inside of our shot Page nested roots because right now we mostly have roots our app level.
So if we look at our app Jess we only have rows here but we can actually put roots in our other components
and they'll start from where that page is being rendered as their base Slash.
So we'll see what that looks like once we actually start writing it.
So let's go to our shop page and look at what we need to do.
So inside of our shop component we actually want to move our collections map into its own component.
And once we move it out we won't need the collections anymore on our shop page component.
We're going to tie everything that we need that's attached to our collections previews into a collections
overview component that is connected to the state that will get the collections.
So let's make that folder now so inside of our components we're gonna make a new folder called collections
overview and inside we need our collections overview.
So we're going to copy this so I don't make a spelling mistake later component Jess X as well as a collections
overview Dutch style start SAS and we're going to do our usual import react from react as well as importing
in our style sheet.
Now we know we're gonna need connect from reactor redux and we also know that we're gonna need our create
structured selector
because we're pretty much just gonna do everything that we need to do that we've already got in our
shop page except move it into our collections overview and now we know that our collections overview
is going to be a functional component that gets the collections and then we're going to render a div
with the class name of collections overview
and then inside will be our map.
So let's go to shop and let's copy this code over and paste it in.
Now we also need our collection preview component.
Let's bring that in as well
art collection preview component.
Oh this is not dark component.
So let's actually rename this so that it's consistent with our other naming.
I think I must have accidentally forgot to put dot component there but nowhere is.
So now that we have our collection preview we need to connect our collection preview accordingly.
So we also need our selector so we can actually just pull this off as well as this.
We know we won't need any of this.
So let's just get rid of it so let's copy this code
into our collections overview and then we're going to call our connect on our map states prompts which
is going to connect to our collection over
and now we're missing our selector which will also copy over
and we will also need to now modify and bring our collections overview into our shop component
components collection overview collections overview component.
Now let's just render just our collections overview.
I think we need to also modify our style sheet and we'll just target our collections overview high level
div component and we'll give it a display flex and a flex direction of column just so that all of our
content sets vertically and now if we look at our app collection preview is not exported from collection
preview component
don't think we need those brackets OK.
So it is a default export and now for our shop hedge.
Everything is still working as it was before except now our collection preview is in its own component.
So now for our shop component what we're gonna do next is actually selectively render inside of nested
accounts where one route is going to lead us to our collections overview when we're only on shop.
Right.
So nothing but just slash shop but then we'll also render our new category page which will build when
we land on our slash category.
So let's see how we're going to build that next.